Congratulations.
You're on your way to getting
your product in front of users.
>> To prepare for the next lesson on
design sprints, let's take some time to
make sure you have some basics of user
experience and user interaction down.
You'll hear from experts
about user experience and
see examples of what to do and
what to avoid.
>> You will also learn
how user experience and
user interaction fits
into product development.
>> By the end of this lesson,
you'll have the background knowledge and
techniques to dream up flows and
features for your users.
>> Let's get started by hearing
from one of Google's experts.